Webhook triggers
A webhook is sent whenever these events occur:

 

Reservations
 

Reservation creation 
These webhooks will have an action of reservation.created and will be sent when a new reservation is created.

 

Reservation changed 
These webhooks will have an action of reservation.changed and will be sent when any of the following occur:

Status changes:

Checkpoint

Pending

Accepted

Not accepted

Cancelled

Changed to another listing

Changes to the check-in or check-out date

Changes to the check-in or check-out time

Changes to the number of guests

Changes to the number of night

Changes to the financials

Guest issue is detected

 

Properties
 

Property creation 
These webhooks will have an action of property.created and will be sent when a new property is created.
​

Property changed 
These webhooks will have an action of property.changed and will be sent when any of the following occur:

Property details change

Property listings change

A property becomes calendar restricted

A properties Parent/Child relationship changes

 

Property deleted 
These webhooks will have an action of property.deleted and will be sent when a property is deleted, this can happen when a channel is disconnected and a property no longer has any listings.
​
This will not be sent when a property is deleted as a result of a merge, as that is handled by the property.merged webhooks

 

Property merged 
These webhooks will have an action of property.merged  and will be sent when a property is merged with another. 

 

 

Message created
These webhooks will have an action of message.created and will be sent when a message is sent either by the guest or the host. 

We will not send messages older than 12 hours. To retrieve historic messages when a new channel is connected, please use the messages API.

 

 

Review creation
These webhooks will have an action of review.created and will be sent when a new review is received. Currently, we source review data from Airbnb and our own direct bookings.

 

 

Retries
We will always send POST requests to this URL and expect a 200 OK response status code from your webhook handler. Other responses or lack thereof will cause webhook re-tries. We will retry it up to 5 times or until successful response, with exponential back-off: 1 sec, 5 sec, 10 sec, 1 hr, 6 hr.

 

 

IP Range
The webhooks are sent from IP addresses within the 38.80.170.0/24 range. This means you can expect requests from addresses between  38.80.170.0 and 38.80.170.24..

 

You are advised to whitelist only this IP for your webhook handler for better security.

 

 

Historic webhooks
It is not possible to resend webhooks generated in a specific period of time. You can only have all webhooks resent by clicking on the 3 dots icon and selecting Send historic webhooks. Only reservations with 'Accepted' as the last status are sent.

  

 

Webhook data
All webhooks are sent as JSON  with the request having a Content-Type of application/json

 

To see a list of data fields and possible values in a webhook along with an example payload, visit our technical documentation.